chore(example): add readme for zod example (#1167)
jstz-dev/jstz: examples/zod/readme.md

# Smart function with a router

> You can create a smart function with 3rd-party JavaScript libraries.
> 
> In this example, we create a mini server with two libraries: [itty-router](https://github.com/kwhitley/itty-router) and [zod](https://github.com/colinhacks/zod). This server has two endpoints:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how you can use third-party JavaScript libraries in Jstz smart functions. This example uses [itty-router](https://github.com/kwhitley/itty-router) to route requests and [zod](https://github.com/colinhacks/zod) to validate user input.

The smart function behaves as a server that stores data with two endpoints:

```

- `GET /user/:name`: returns information of a user.
- `POST /user`: creates a user with the given data. Input data must follow the schema below:

```
{
    name: A string composed of alphabets and space characters with at least 2 characters.
    age: A number.
    email: Optional. A string representing an email address.
}
```

## Setup

```
npm i
# Output file is dist/index.js
npm run build
```

## Demo

```
$ jstz deploy dist/index.js -n dev
Smart function deployed by r at address: KT1NLouAR2bkAXAV59TSn5DfzDPSMyNusqoa
Run with `jstz run jstz://KT1NLouAR2bkAXAV59TSn5DfzDPSMyNusqoa/ --network dev`
$ jstz run jstz://KT1NLouAR2bkAXAV59TSn5DfzDPSMyNusqoa/Jane --network dev

> User not found

Reviewer: I get:
```
{
  "error": "Not Found",
  "status": 404
}
```

Author: Indeed. I patched a bit the logs copied from my terminal and missed this out.

$ jstz run jstz://KT1NLouAR2bkAXAV59TSn5DfzDPSMyNusqoa/user --network dev -d '{"name": "Jane"}' -m POST
[
  {
    "code": "invalid_type",
    "expected": "number",
    "message": "Required",
    "path": [
      "age"
    ],
    "received": "undefined"
  }
]
$ jstz run jstz://KT1NLouAR2bkAXAV59TSn5DfzDPSMyNusqoa/user --network dev -d '{"name": "Jane", "age": 42}' -m POST
{
  "message": "user 'Jane' successfully created 🚀"
}
$ jstz run "jstz://KT1NLouAR2bkAXAV59TSn5DfzDPSMyNusqoa/user/Jane" --network dev

> {

Reviewer: I get a 404 still after creating Jane:
<img width="932" alt="Screenshot 2025-06-30 at 4 24 39 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/756ceb4d-4727-4d59-afd6-e8fa938c6626" />

Author: Yes. I wanted to update that part with `decodeURIComponent` but forgot to replace that `request.params.name` copied from above. I've changed this to `user.name`.

# Smart function with a router

You can create a smart function with 3rd-party JavaScript libraries.

This example shows how you can use third-party JavaScript libraries in Jstz smart functions. This example uses [itty-router](https://github.com/kwhitley/itty-router) to route requests and [zod](https://github.com/colinhacks/zod) to validate user input.
The smart function behaves as a server that stores data with two endpoints:

- `GET /user/:name`: returns information of a user.
- `POST /user`: creates a user with the given data. Input data must follow the schema below:

```
{
    name: A string composed of alphabets and space characters with at least 2 characters.
    age: A number.
    email: Optional. A string representing an email address.
}
```

## Setup

```
npm i
# Output file is dist/index.js
npm run build
```

## Demo

```
$ jstz deploy dist/index.js -n dev
Smart function deployed by r at address: KT1NLouAR2bkAXAV59TSn5DfzDPSMyNusqoa
Run with `jstz run jstz://KT1NLouAR2bkAXAV59TSn5DfzDPSMyNusqoa/ --network dev`

> $ jstz run jstz://KT1NLouAR2bkAXAV59TSn5DfzDPSMyNusqoa/Jane --network dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ jstz run jstz://KT1NLouAR2bkAXAV59TSn5DfzDPSMyNusqoa/user/Jane --network dev
```

This still needs to be `/user/Jane`.
